x Clean up directory - remove modules, non-used files
x get app to run with loader, remove classes.js
x Add extjs directories
x Create dummy stats data, stats record, stats store, grid for stats
x Move dummy data to middle pane and remove feed list from middle
x Change left pane from Feeds to Filters and add a dummy filter
x Move css into css file
x Change theme
x Change namespace from FV to DFST
x Change dummy data to baseball data
x Add rest of relevant baseball stats to model (based on fanduel scoring), 
x then grid, then dummy data
x Create drill down panel
x Add panel to layout
x Add select logic to open up drilldown panel
x In drill down panel add details for player info.
x Add store for player stats
x Add date to filter players for game day
x Format date in player grid
x Add more data
x Hide details panel until player selected
x Fix bug on drill down panel - can't expand after collapse
x Fix css to remove references to feed, etc.
x move references to articlegrid, feedshow
x find data source - done mlb gameday api via updated Baseball Hacks scripts writing data to SQL Azure
x choose web api technology - done .net web api
x create initial web apis for teams/players
x try to hit web apis from cloud9 page (via localhost) - enable CORS support on Web API
x run upload scripts to get more data from mlb
x fill in more data for main grid
x change properties of single, double, triple to not have a leading digit
x Add paging to players grid - simple paging done, always gets all from db, but pages in controller layer
x Add server side sorting (OR client side paging and let extjs do sorting)
x Change all stats to include totals and not averages
x fix runs stats - not there???
x add games played to grid
x move afp calculation to server
x create script to clean out duplicate games
x get rest of available stats from web service
x get real data
x save data in sql azure
x innings pitched as whole number or .1 or .2 (1 out, 2 out)
x create web api for individual players/game data
x get hit by pitch stat
x double check batting stats in mlb load scripts
x get schedule data
x add sorting to per game grid
x add filter by game date
x why does .filter() add the same filter value from stats controller and filters controller? - bug in filter code, worked around it
x capitalize team names
x create team and player tables
x get team lists and roster data!!!
x create upload script for players
x add player position!
x need option to hide all but probable pitchers
x add filters for all positions?
x rebuild db from scratch :-(
x make sure update script properly puts in the teamID for the roster (nymets is wrong!)
x change scoring to be selectable
x Add interface for scoring
x apply selectable scoring to pergameplayerstats; player stats getting retrieved 3 times - fix!!
x Document how load scripts work - in About.txt of load project
x change schedule update to load from yesterday to 5 days from now... don't need rest of season
x db: remove gameinfo from game table, remove gameinfo column
x db load scripts: Need to move connection strings to an external file
x Get scripts to work with mysql again, so CAN check in those connection strings...
x position DH?? - hacked a solution by grabbing all players from rosters that are not listed in players and adding them to players
x need all/none link for position filters
x fix wins header
x add columns for pitcher averages (strike outs, earned runs, walks, innings pitched)
x add opponent column
x double check scoring for fanduel -diffs: jose altuve (I have him with 20 games(4.0), fd with 17 (3.7))

  - It is definitely wrong. The bottom grid does have 19 games and looks correct - db had duplicate rows for 4-24-2012
x check fanduel pricing - how often does it change... can I hit same url for updates every day - NO
x Change UI to show team code, not team id
x deploy web service to azure
x Fix server.js bug that doesn't send out correct content-type header (doesn't work on safari/mac) - switched to using node-static
x accidentally double loaded some data... check for duplicate dates...
x may not have loaded data for 5/5 or 5/6 - double check those dates
x start saving off daily pricing data from fanduel - manual process every day, right now
x add client-side paging to game grid (bottom one), 5 per page?
x need to double check the update script, the dates don't seem to be correct - fixed bug
x add icon for injured players
x filter out players with no price - they must not be available to choose from on site
x upgrade to extjs 4.1 
x add filter for injured players
x add commented out columns back, just as hidden
x add sliding filter for prices
x add sliding filter for cost per point
x add sliding filter for avg pts & # games
x fix loading icon on grid - extjs 4.1 bug
x check performance issue - fixed fanduel price sql
x 5-14 : check Scott Van Slyke prices
x 5-15 : set up paid github account
x check in db scripts to github
x check in webapi to github
x add version information to ui
x Put the data urls in 1 location
x refresh the Azure install
x added in-Azure check to CorsHandler
x write scraper for daily joust
x Change filters based on the site (ranges for $, positions, etc.)
x Position filters - should vary by site ex. for fanduel - should have outfield, instead of LF, CF, RF
x write scraper for draft day
x get rest of stats to fill in daily joust scoring, draft day scoring
x add probable pitcher icon to pitchers
x zobrist not showing up as 2nd baseman in filter, even though he's listed as 2nd baseman - now shows main position from site
x Add $formatting to salary and cpp columns
x add scoring for other sites besides FanDuel
x look at ian kinsler, he didn't play in a couple of games that I'm giving him credit for: 4/20, 5/9
 -- interesting... game was postponed, how do I find those and delete the data?! - wrote new script, update the update script
x Jerry Hairston Jr. & Tony Gwynn Jr. at dailyjoust
x Manual update for Cole DeVries/De Vries
x 5/25 - check updates of eliasids for hairston Jr. and gwynn Jr.
x scrape and include starting lineup data & filters
x duplicate player 133225 on 5/24 - bug in load lineups script,fixed
x add games list somewhere on page
x add use strict;,use warnings; to all perl scripts
x What to do about Fausto Carmona aka Roberto Hernandez, re: fanduel prices? - changed his name to Roberto Hernandez in fanduel tables
x Cole DeVries - MLB has him as "Cole De Vries" - Change his name in all site tables to De Vries
x make call to check lineup status 1/minute?
x change all load scripts to update the whenupdated table
x DraftDay: andrelton simmons (6/2) - wrote code to get unknown players from mlb.com search
x 5/25 - keep an eye on rainouts and make sure update_db.pl updates them confirmed with 6/21 rainout wash vs atl
x added scraping/info for draftkings.com
x scrolling broken on top grid - gones since extjs upgrade
x better favicon
x Work on theme, Finish adding one liners for filters and fix the formatting
x changed dailyjoust, draftday, draftkings script to not need any manual work, still need to do this with fanduel
x Add @sign to home team in top grid?
x fix bug - reduce # of pos, change site, all items checked, but not in request filters
x Get Fanduel script to not need manual work - use mechanize to log user in
x fix bug - loading lineup hides players until the eliasId is updated, made better... didn't really fix
x got perl scripts running in azure dev. environment
x try each of the load scripts from within the perl on azure solution to see what other perl modules are needed
x move azure perl install to startup task - research
x fix echo time in .bat files
x move perl zip to blob storage and change powershell script to get from there
x research quartz.net in azure - I am going to use this
x change the loader scripts that are updated 1x/day to double check that they haven't been run yet, before continuing (check whenupdated table)
x Bradley Boxberger - not showing up from?
x Fix load scripts for dailyjoust and draftday
x pull scripts from blob storage
x generate matchup ratings - need to tweak
x Move all scripts into blob storage
x Add shared access signature, so someone else can't download my scripts
x put perl install as a background task - ok if job fails first time
x Configure jobs for all scripts
x Fix hard-coding of blob storage connection string
x use quartz to schedule all daily scripts and run all daily jobs/load_lineups
x Kevin Youkilis 6/29 - doesn't show up in lineup for cws, even though he played (because of trade?) - need to reload rosters daily, move roster load script to cron job to runt daily
x Install wordpress somewhere (on azure?) - on azure insiders account
x if loadlineups runs after 8PM, looks like time might be in UTC, so no lineups ready on baseballpress.com - change script to calc date from time - 6 hours
x bug - when filtering by games and change date, games filter still applies - fix by clearing filter value for 'team'
x Get a domain name - draftaid.com
x Add site playerid to dfspricing table
x write code to retrieve files from draftkings amazon bucket
x upgrade mvc and web api in web api solution
x update getGames to support nba
x update getPlayers to support nba - added new player repo and game repo using EF
x switch? to EF for player data - needed to add pks and change some cols to not-null
x fix import of JJ Barea and Luc Richard Mbah a Moute in fanduel
x Fix buzzdraft getting wrong prices.
x Fix buzzdraft prices that are not getting caught: JJ Hickson, JR Smith, etc.
x figure out why several buzzdraft players show 0 avg. pts - added more nicknames
x add ppg from scrape to ui
x fix position id in roster import
x nba player stats - add minutes
x clean up buzzdraft scraper - remove get stuff
x add buzzdraft and fanduel scoring to player stats grid
x Add model for scoring to save in db - but not being used yet
x Use cache, instead of going to db everytime - did this for players, games, but not game stats
x schedule the db update scripts to run regularly
x need to figure out how to post and not get flagged for CSRF - this is in the load_buzzdraftprices_nba script
x Figure out new deployment of the front end now that pro version of c9 is gone - use windows azure websites with pull from github
x DEPLOY solution so it's public - http://draftaidapp.azurewebsites.net/
x Add DraftKings scraper/scoring for NBA
x Add DailyJoust scraper/scoring for NBA
x Redeploy all projects to Azure to make sure I can do this, especially the front end, now that cloud 9 support is gone. - Cloud 9 project uses
    auto-deploy to azure websites from github :-). Just commit and it deploys.
x Import injury information using DK stats feed (NBA)
x fix scoring for dailyjoust, missing a few stats
x draftkings price scraper
x fix dk import and lots of id mappings